The training exercises  we're about to perform
will help improve your ability to concentrate
on more than one thing at a time.
Believe it or not, similar exercises have been used in the past
to help develop the concentration  span of airline pilots.
After all, driving and flying are very similar.
In both cases,
we need to concentrate on several things at once
so we need to decide what is most important to concentrate on
at any given time.
In the following exercises,
you're going to practise performing two tasks at the same time.
The first task is a bit like driving in dense traffic
at a reasonably high speed.
You'll have to maintain a safe distance between your car
and the car in front.
In the other task, you'll have to use your eyes
and your rear vision mirrors
to look at lots of numbers
which will appear in different locations around your car.
It's a bit like when you're driving
and looking out for potential hazards.
Each time you see a number, you'll have to make a decision about it.
You're most probably wondering,
"What has this got to do with driving in the real world?"
It's pretty simple, really.
When you get through the training,
you should find it easier to concentrate on everything
that's going on around you and on the road.
You'll also find it easier to shift your concentration
from one thing to another.
It's important that you follow the instructions carefully
and whatever you do,
don't try and complete all the training in one session.
It's much better to spread the training over a few sessions.
The instructions will guide you
on how much training you need to do per session.
Well, that's about all I have to say to you at the moment, so good luck.
In the following exercises,
you're going to practise performing two tasks at the same time.
The first task is a bit like driving in dense traffic
at a reasonably high speed.
You'll have to maintain a safe distance between your car
and the car in front.
In the other task, you'll have to use your eyes
and your rear vision mirrors
to look at lots of numbers
which will appear in different locations around your car.
It's a bit like you're driving
and looking out for potential hazards.
Each time you see a number, you'll have to make a decision about it.
You're most probably wondering
what this has to do with driving in the real world.
It's pretty simple, really.
When you get through the training,
you should find it easier to concentrate on everything
that's going on around you out on the road.
You'll also find it easier
to shift your concentration from one thing to another.
It's important that you follow the instructions carefully
and whatever you do,
don't try and complete all the training in one session.
It's much better to spread the training over a few sessions.
The instructions will guide you
on how much training you need to do per session.
Well, that's about all I have to say to you at the moment, so good luck.
The training exercises we're about to perform
will help you improve your ability
to concentrate on more than one thing at a time.
Believe it or not, similar exercises have been used in the past
to develop the concentration span of airline pilots.
After all, driving and flying are very similar.
In both cases,
we need to concentrate on several things at once,
so we need to decide
what is most important to concentrate on at any given time.
You're most probably wondering
what this has to do with driving in the real world.
It's pretty simple, really.
When you get through the training,
you should find it easier to concentrate on everything
that's going on around you out on the road.
You'll find it easier to shift your concentration
from one thing to another.
In the following exercises,
you're going to practise performing two tasks at the same time.
The first task is a bit like driving in dense traffic
at a reasonably high speed.
You'll have to maintain a safe distance
between your car and the car in front.
In the other task, you'll have to use your eyes
and your rear vision mirrors
to look at lots of numbers
which will appear in different locations around your car.
It's a bit like when you're driving
and looking out for potential hazards.
Each time you see a number,
you'll have to make a decision about it.